hey hi to all friends this is david
lafarge pokemon I hope you have
the form me today it's going rather
well
we find ourselves for a new series
on youtube machine there will be some
close once a week or twice
finally once every two weeks
supported these streets I present all the
boxes that have not been printed by the
creators of the pokemon cards that were
proposed by other illustrators
to talk about it in addition to being around
the one who is well known there are two
illustrators so the cats were fine
do it properly I will show you
every detail of the cards etc and there of the
we end up for the top 10
scarves and in tenth place we get
found with the bow and scarves
so sabrina arceus me I just
hold back arceus scarf so gorgeous
card had galaxy effect c1 it's nice
it's a little bit easy
photographic the little dots on it
it's really stylish it's really
stylish so friends if you want there is
a little dance contest in this video
leave you an inch will see you will
you do it you leave a little thumb
green in commenta tells you your
favorite scarf and I was shooting myself
I will draw a winner who
will win a color of his choice
here are the friends so in tenth place
as I said the harki trailer a
beautiful card frankly I the
finds beautiful with the galaxies the
small brilliant effect in addition to their
claim issued as a galloping horse
it's pretty stylish I think it really
very beautiful here for the tenth place
for ninth place we end up
with the zoroark ex fulham
normally it would have been a map
promo but here I am I would have seen
in one in a kind explorers
obscure or anything but that's me
makes it seem like it's a zero at the dock
in a thoumine mine with lots of
two gems around
years with a little try violate what will
although his mane
frankly I find this card
beautiful and here you are in addition he is
surrounded by bordeaux ray is rather
magnificent
So here eighth position is
chrome etc this dragon type scarf it
me out was also a promo me
why I took this card I find
that she in a valve in a tsunami
in a back tower
gorgeous as you see behind
with juice hit species that's
pretty stylish frankly it's beautiful
in addition to surrounding them with bordeaux rekom
it's like the previous one
he really looks fierce and me it's me
please I would have liked
have this card I like this
map
here are the friends so we go to the
next position with an absolute ex
crowd so why did I take this
map
so because we actually like it
go to illuminate it changes
early colors I found these cards
original actually it's an absolute
here I found original and
I wanted to put it in my top
so do not be afraid to laugh if you like
this kind of campus white board case has
never had too many cards with white board
like that actually i find that pretty
stylish in itself the pokemon is pretty good
highlighted good he is not very
worked 1
but there are small etc the years around
and then raped effect and black
rose blue
astier there is enough friends there
goes to the next position at the
next position with kubla leather is
Excluded the adventurous black ex crowd art
so I'm pretty fan of this pokemon
I had the opportunity to catch him in ex and
I do not care about it so I got
I'm going to see the scarves that has
there was this one and beautiful letters
costil and frankly I find it
really stylish there is a whirlwind
gilded actually behind if you look at
his feint to the golden and dark lion that makes
kind a little dark pokemon but
pretty majestic if you want us
it's really stylish that's what I
think of 7.4 do not hesitate to tell me the
cards that you like cards that
you do not like the one that would make you
more pleasure to have in your
collection
as I show the cards are
well done heine not here so I can
say thank you to madame v who will help me
and friends I reacted too who will have done
a little bit his choice that's for my
July and so we go on with a
louga ex crowd plasma team art and
I took this card as a tribute to
series to what police and shipping to
magnetic tape I wanted to love
ludia we know you i love fenech
the uguiya deoxys ectoplasm to and lo and behold
I wanted to do a little thomas
jacquot police shipping plus with
my favorite pokemon is really
really
really what is really stylish
here it is in addition it is beautiful frankly he
is flying it's beautiful
I love her little belly there that one
fluff bus and the ball the plasma team itx
is not free that was happening enough
stylish so here are the friends and after we go
soon to arrive in the most
beautiful cards including groudon ex crowd art
I make this course because frankly
group whose he is even more ready
than usual on the map to say on
see him even more closely he is not
a little bit backwards on a gold background
it really is really beautiful
in fact it's 4 is just sublime
this card is simply sublime here
I do not know what you think but
me this card really deserves
its place
oi oi oi oi oi oi oi oi beautiful
four beautiful cards and we go on
with I think it's the third
place and yes we are in the top 3
mega jump mega junk in Aix where this
card there I like trolls have that
frankly if the match in
food art
it would be a crazy thing
is but if guys can not go out
in my headscarf I know but why
not it would be a novelty it happens
he and so here I wanted to go in a
a little closer this map is really
bad it and this is the first one I have
chosen for my top 10 bah voila what
she is just sublime i love jenko
she is beautiful able to go to
the test we go on with the second
So erika map Selebi crowd at Selebi
we will not hold Eric at Saint Ouen
beautiful karthala frankly there is
no vaud there is no work a
swirl of greens blues on a
rather majestic and graceful selebi
this is really beautiful
look at me these oils are very blue
it's this card is just deadly
this card is just deadly
here is playing there I leave you a little
admire it and we come to the place
number one the friends a small tribute to
video games that will come out and at the
miniature primo goudon ex crowd art so
just sublime which premium at the cost so he
will be awarded the cob nothing so nice have
taken on Thursday
good these primo kyogre wii who will be the
legendary pokemon stumbled into the
new game so alpha omega pokemon
so that's it then it's a rhinestone cube
so premium on these magnificent
frankly I hope it will be like that
good if it is not too bad but
frankly
but this card is just beautiful
well see that there is the issy cube that
evolves late that makes its transformation
who sees there will approach his golden eyes the
bubbles that are really well done
the ocean sending which is abyss
frankly it is in addition it is a
attack on 300 kits in bulldozer
the map is really beautiful
so if you want to win this card
do not hesitate to leave a small thumb
green 1 if yours I believe I will do it
win and no problem she's good
to look at you can see the
card is clean so here are the friends ah
yes you wanted to go out anyway to
those who would hesitate your happy ya not
card 1 it's really only one
map
there's no problem so go ahead
not to come if this new concept you
please I will continue to leave
participated in the contest by leaving a
little pouzère to win your scarf
of your choice do not hesitate to say this
you want to see next time
so level x the former secret legend this
that you want me I will try to do
something from my asthma side
original here is new time
I hope you liked it
I make you many kisses friends
enjoy the last days of vacation
holiday of us thoroughly taken advantage
a max that's it do not forget that there is the
meet subscribers on August 31st so come
to see us - nigeria am in paris la
defense
at 3 pm around 3 pm 4 pm on August 31
we'll be there we can even give you our
end my phone number for us
contact if you are in defense or
paris if you want to move with
your parents are not this if your parents
want to call us there are no worries
do not hesitate here is I make you full
of kisses and I tell you allah next
by then, get well and baba